# SoftwareDesignDoccument
CS-230
The client the Gaming Room has a game called Draw It or Lose It that they want to expand from being only on android to other platforms including Mac and Windows. Some software requirements they have are for the game to have the ability to have one or more teams, each team have multiple players assigned to it, unique game and team names to allow users to check whether a name is in use, and only one instance of a game can exist in the memory at a time so each instance of game, team, and player must have unique identifiers. 
I did well with addressing the design constraints. I addressed the Software requirements as well as other areas that may restrict the programs design in this section. 
The UML diagram and its description were helpful when developing the code. Having a visual to see how the classes inherited from and related to others helped greatly.
If I could pick one part to improve it would be the evaluation. When learning about more about options for the recommendation section I learned information that could be included in the evaluation section. This includes making things I had in the section already more specific. 
I interpreted the user needs in the software design when working on the evaluation and recommendations. Knowing that the user needs the program to be accessed by multiple platforms helped me to know that researching the options was important and this would help with deciding which fit best for the development stage. It is important to consider the users needs when designing a program as this will in part decide things like what server type is needed or what programming tools are required to complete the project. 
I approached the design with the client and its needs in mind. The need for multiple operating platforms and the software requirements being the main focus. I learned that this way seems to be the top-down approach. This is a good strategy for future projects. However, from what I have learned through my courses, taking a more agile approach combined with somewhat of a top-down approach is a good strategy. It keeps the focus on user needs and has flexibility to change as needed.
